Register an XNAT OIDC service (#177)
ausaccessfed/dev-portal: docs/_register-an-xnat-oidc-service/02-configure-aaf.md

---
title: Configure AAF as the OpenID Provider
order: 2
duration: 1
last_updated: 11 April, 2025
---

Follow the instructions in the [XNAT documentation](https://wiki.xnat.org/documentation/configuring-authentication-providers) to configure an authentication provider. 

This process consists of two steps as follows:

### 1) Install and configure the OpenID authentication provider plugin
* To enable OpenID authentication, you will need to install and configure the [OpenID authentication provider plugin](https://bitbucket.org/xnatx/openid-auth-plugin/src/develop/).

> ### 2) Install the OpenID authentication provider configuration for AAF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2) Configure the OpenID authentication provider for AAF
```
